
CyberAgents Contribution Agreement

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Tenable CyberAgents Exchange (the "Exchange").  By submitting an agent to the Exchange (your "Contribution"), you hereby agree to the following terms and conditions.

1. You agree that your Contribution will only be licensed under a permissive open source license which shall allow users to freely utilize the Contribution without compensation to you (such as MIT or Apache 2.0) and specifically not any restrictive open source license (such as the GPL v.3 or any other license which imposes additional restrictions on users).  You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer has rights to intellectual property in the Contribution, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer. 

2. You represent that, to the best of your knowledge, no patent application has been filed, or is pending, that covers the technology embodied in your Contribution.  You agree that you will not assert against Tenable or any user of the exchange any patent claim or other intellectual property claim that is based on or arises from the Contribution or its combination with any other work.

3. You expressly acknowledge and agree that Tenable and its affiliates may independently create features that are similar to your Contribution, without any use of or reference to your Contribution. Such independent development creates no obligation of any kind to you, including without limitation no obligation to pay royalties, licensing fees, or any other consideration.  You agree that the mere existence of your Contribution in the Exchange does not create any inference that Tenable's subsequent development of similar functionality was derived from, informed by, or dependent upon your Contribution.

4. Your Contribution was designed for legitimate defensive purposes and to the best of Your knowledge, it does not contain any malicious functionality.  If Tenable, in its sole discretion, deems a Contribution to be inappropriate or to contain malicious code, Tenable may remove such Contribution and/or prevent You from making any future Contributions.  
